nail polish removers
you can have nail polish remover in your
carry-on luggage as long as it doesn't
contain
acetone which is flammable also acetone
damages your skin and nails
so opt for acetone free removers perfume
and nail polishes
these are forbidden too but not only
because of liquid restrictions
but also for etiquette rules some
passengers may be allergic to their
smell
so avoid perfume and paint your nails at
home mercury thermometers
in case you need to check your body
temperature on board make sure that your
thermometer is either the electronic
kind
or made with alcohol the one that
contains red liquid in it
mercury thermometers are strictly
forbidden on board as
mercury is dangerous and very difficult
to clean up if it spills
magic eight balls the problem is because
of the liquid
even though it has less than 3.4 ounces
it's pretty impossible to measure the
exact amount inside the toy
ask your ball if you can take it on
board it'll likely give you
a don't count on it answer bowling pins
wow the security services claim that it
can be used as a club which can be
dangerous
or possibly the air crew doesn't want
anyone having fun
in the aisle during a long and boring
flight so spare the trouble
and strike that one off your list
darts remember no sports equipment is
allowed
be it a fencing foil a bat or even darts
darts are sharp and sharp objects aren't
allowed on board
get the point knitting needles sometimes
flights seem to be endless and it's kind
of nice to have something to do
if you're into crafts beware of metal
needles
they may not be allowed on board opt for
plastic or wooden knitting needles
and wrap them so they don't cause damage
snow globes here we go again only a
limited amount of liquids are allowed
through security
if your snow globe is smaller than a
tennis ball it may be allowed
but it's better to play safe and check
any snow globe
liquid bleach do you have a few stains
on your clothes that you want to fix
first liquid bleach is not allowed on
board since it's an implosion hazard
second white clothing is not the best
choice for a flight
third the plane bathroom is far too
small for laundering anyway
hair bleach if you're a hairdresser no
hair bleach is allowed on board
sorry scissors are not welcome either
unless their blades are four
inches or shorter cordless curling irons
bad news for hairdressers again due to a
gas cartridge filled with butane
these items are not allowed on board
grab an electric curling iron instead
for your best hairstyle
cast iron pans basically you can take
any pan or pot on board if you feel like
it
but cast iron is pure metal so they're
considered to be dangerous
they're also hefty weighing no less than
four pounds
it would probably be the only object you
could carry on in terms of weight
christmas crackers little paper packages
can make a wonderful atmosphere of joy
during the christmas holidays
but they bring a mess on board they make
a crackling sound when pulled too
which can frighten other passengers
they're not allowed in checked bags
either
gel insoles surprisingly these soothing
inserts are forbidden too
the problem is it can be hard to measure
the exact amount of liquid in them
so sorry but not allowed the same goes
for gel candles
it's better to check them unless you
want them to end up in the trash
paints and turpentine if you're an
artist you don't want your paint to get
frozen in the luggage section
security may be okay with your oil
paints in your carry-on
as long as they're under 3.4 ounces but
there's no way they'll allow extremely
flammable turpentine
high heels and thick soles they are not
prohibited
but they can cause some problems you may
be asked to take them off to have them
scan
sure there are some plastic shoe covers
but airport floor journals
wedding dresses pack it carefully
airports are
dirty and some dresses just don't fit in
the x-ray machine
so it might need to be double checked
soft cheeses these are considered to be
liquids too
any amount of more than 3.4 ounces can
be taken on board in your stomach
but don't worry hard cheese is not
prohibited
tent pays if you're a camper or hiker
you probably want to check as much of
your camping luggage
but if you travel light with only a
backpack you will probably need to buy
some tent pegs when you reach your
destination
since they're sharp objects tent pegs
are not allowed on board
liquids pretty obvious still you can
sneak on the plane with more than 3.4
ounces of your favorite face cream
by claiming its medicine that you really
need
just notify the airport beforehand this
hack may be a little strange
but it works sometimes blenders
if you want to have a smoothie on your
flight with the fresh fruits that are
allowed on board
bad news for you blenders are allowed
only if you remove the blades
so technically it wouldn't be a blender
anymore
drills it's hard to imagine anyone
having a drill in a five pound carry-on
luggage but
anyway these are not allowed so if you
want to bring home a drill as a holiday
souvenir instead of the usual boring
souvenir magnet
you'll have to check it dry eyes
if you're looking to sneak onto a plane
with a dry ice diy
fridge you may fail dry ice is flammable
so safety regulations may prohibit it on
board
you can bring up to five and a half
pounds of dry ice but permission from
the airline
is required heating pads
if you want a heating pad feel free to
bring an electric one
even though you may not be able to take
advantage of it during the flight
but gel heating pads are not allowed on
board
razors anything with an uncovered blade
is not allowed through securities
a disposable razor or cartridge blades
can be taken on board
but box cutters and knives with the
exception of a smooth
butter knife should be kept in your
check luggage
soap bars generally they're allowed on
board so don't panic if security wants
to double check your bag after scanning
it
it just may appear a bit odd on the scan
and mislead the officers
but liquid soap follows the universal
liquid rule
batteries the rules for them vary you
are not allowed to bring spillable
batteries in either your carry-on
luggage or your check luggage
but lithium batteries can be carried on
board they can't be checked however
because if damaged
they can start a fire laser pointers
you travel with a cat and yes your pet
loves playing with a laser pointer
but you gotta make do without it this
time laser pointers are not allowed in
either carry on
or in checked luggage walking sticks
when used as a mobility device security
may let you on board with it
or they may not it's best to play it
safe and notify your airline in advance
happy trails